*
*	Messages common to more than one SCCS command.
*
-1
"unknown key letter"
You supplied a keyletter which the command does not recognize.
-2
"key letter twice"
You supplied a keyletter more than once.
-3
"missing file arg"
You left off the name of the file to be processed.
-4
"cannot create lock file"
There are two known reasons why this can occur.

1) Someone else is updating the SCCS file (or the p-file).
   You'll have to wait until they're through, and try again.

2) You do not have write permission in the directory where the
   SCCS file resides.  If this is so, you are not allowed to
   create any files (including the ``lock file'') in that
   directory.

If it is neither of the two reasons and the problem persists, contact
your Source Code Administrator (SCA).
-5
"bad date/time"
The date/time must be a legitimate date/time in the form
"YY[MM[DD[HH[MM[SS]]]]]".  The program knows about things
like leap years, so be precise.
-6
"no id keywords"
No SCCS identification keywords were substituted for (or found).
If this message came from delta then you just tryed to make a
delta without any keywords.

If this message came from get then
your source code administrator blew it.
Complain to him/her.

If this message came from admin,
you blew it.
-7
"No id keywords"
No SCCS identification keywords were substituted for.
You may not have any keywords in the file,
in which case you can ignore this warning.
If this message came from delta then you just made a
delta without any keywords.
If this message came from get then
the last time you made a delta you changed the lines
on which they appeared.
It's a little late to be
telling you that you messed up the last time you made a delta, but this is
the best we can do for now, and it's better than nothing.

This isn't an error, only a warning.
-8
"value after ... arg"
You had something after the indicated keyletter argument and you weren't
supposed to.
-9
"User ID not in password file ..."
You are apparently running on a system on which you do not
have a login (via a data link of some type).  SCCS will
not allow you to make changes to a file if your user ID is not
located in the password file.
