*
*	Messages for SCCS rmdel-cdc commands.
*
-1
"missing r"
You did not specify the 'r' keyletter when you
invoked rmdel or cdc. This argument is always required.
-2
"file ... does not exist"
You named a file to be processed and it does not exist.
-3
"nonexistent sid"
You specified an SID, via the r keyletter, which is not
an SID of the SCCS file.
-4
"you are neither owner nor ..."
You either don't own the file you are trying to process or
your login-name is not the same as the one that created the delta.
Only the creator of a delta (or your SCCS administrator, who
owns the file) can rmdel or cdc a delta.
-5
"not a 'leaf' delta"
You are attempting to remove a delta which is not the
newest (most recent) delta in its branch of the
delta tree. Only the latest may be removed.
-6
"MRs not allowed"
Chghist has determined that MR numbers cannot be specified
for the SCCS file since the file does not have a 'v' flag.
-7
"invalid MRs"
One of the MR numbers you entered in response to a prompt
by cdc is invalid, as determined by the validation program
specified in the 'v' flag of the SCCS file.
-8
"MRs required"
Chghist has determined that MR numbers are required for the
SCCS file it is processing (the file has a 'v' flag), but
none were supplied.
-9
"delta specified has delivered MR"
The delta your are processing with 'rmdel' or 'cdc'
contains an MR number entry which has been marked
'delivered'. You cannot rmdel or cdc such a delta,
as that would be in violation of a Change Management
Prime Directive.
See your SCCS administrator for further information.
-10
"bad invocation"
You invoked 'rmdel' or 'cdc' by some name other than
(n)rmdel or (n)cdc (you have a link to it).
The program's execution depends on being invoked by one of these
names only.
-11
"r has no sid"
You specified the 'r' keyletter but did not specify the SID of the
delta to be processed. Both are required.
-12
"being edited -- sid is in p-file"
Someone is in the process of making a delta based upon
the same delta (sid) you specified with the 'r' keyletter.
This is indicated by the presence of the specified sid in
an entry of the p-file for the named SCCS file.
Removal of the delta specified is prohibited because
its removal would interfere with other work in progress.
