*
*	Messages for PWB utilities.
*
-1
"directory `...' nonexistent"
-2
"directory `...' unwritable"
The effective user (probably you) doesn't have write permission in
the directory.  Do a "ls -ld ..." to check the modes.
-3
"no file"
The system's table of open files is full,
and temporarily no more opens
can be accepted.
If this error recurs, report it to your local UNIX support group.
-4
"`...' nonexistent"
The file does not exist.  Check for typos.
-5
"`...' unreadable"
The file probably exists, but the effective user doesn't have read permission.
It is also possible that one or more directories in the path aren't executable.
-6
"`...' unwritable"
The file exists, but the effective user doesn't have write permission.
It is also possible that one or more directories in the path aren't executable.
-7
"`...' unreadable or unwritable"
The file exists, but the effective user either doesn't
have read permission, or write permission, or both.
It is also possible that one or more directories in the path aren't executable.
-8
"write error"
The file which caused the write error is as large
as a file can be (currently 1M bytes).
-9
"out of space"
There's no more dynamic memory left.
Better go to "help stuck".
-10
"no space!"
The file system (on which the file which caused the error is being written)
is out of space.  Very serious!!  Contact someone in
your local UNIX Support Group immediately!
Also, if you can remove any files please do so.
-11
"errno = ..., function = `...'"
An unusual and unexpected error occured.
Try "help stuck".
-12
"SIGNAL: ..."
This error is most likely due to an intermittent hardware error.
You should report this to your local UNIX support group
immediately, since others may be getting the same error and it is useful
to discover a pattern if one exists.  After reporting it, if you rerun
the command it will probably not recur.  If it won't go away contact
your PWB counsellor (a program bug can also generate this error).

(If required, a core dump will be produced if the file "dump.core" exists
in the current directory.)
