1.1	DOWN LOAD SOFTWARE

	The download software is responsible for handling the establishment
of the ICP resident software. Ancillary to this, it also may be used to read
parts of the icp memoroy, to read/write characters from/to tty 0, and to 
load the pc register. For further information see siocprom.h & icp/prom/main.c.

	The following files are used during the execution of the down load
software (I will occasionally refer to this as the prom software):

	UNIX	ic.c		interface between cdevsw table and si.c
		si.c		communication and file transport software

	ICP	prom/l.s	interrupt vector
		prom/mch.s	assembly code support
		prom/main.c	initializing code/command decoding
		prom/mb.c	communication software (protocol)
		prom/prf.c	printf for output to port 0 (formating)
		prom/sio.c	sio serial io handler
		prom/trap.c	trap handler for various ugly conditions.


1.1.1 INITIALIZATION.

	Our story begins in siinit (si.c). This is where the initialization of
the control data structures in the unix kernel occurs. There are three main 
data areas: (1) a per icp communication area (2) a per icp control data
structure {sctl[0-4]} and (3) a shared dynamic buffer pool {siocbuf}.
	The unix driver does not write data into the icp memory. Instead it
sends a request to the ICP telling it where the data resides in memory. The
ICP itself performs the data transfer over the multibus. It then gives control
back to the requesting process once the transfer has been completed. Commands
are issued by constructing control blocks in the per icp communication area.

1.1.1.1 Per ICP Communication Area

	This is a block of memory extending from 0xf800 through 0xfd00. It
is divided into 5 256 byte chunks, one for each icp, each of which is further
divided into three control areas.

	0xf800	-	ICP 0	(PBASE0)
	0xf900	-	ICP 1	(PBASE1)
	0xfa00	-	ICP 2	(PBASE2)
	0xfb00	-	ICP 3	(PBASE3)
	0xfc00	-	ICP 4	(PBASE4)
	
The three control fields are:

	1. sioc prom control block	( 16 bytes wide)
	2. command or reply from icp	( 30 bytes wide)
	3. command to icp from kernel	(210 bytes wide)

	The sioc prom control block appears to be used exclusively by the
down load software to open, close, read, or write to the icp. Its structure
is defined by icp/siocprom.h.
	The reply/command from icp control block is set by the icp. It is
processed by sioci() (icpmisc.c) which handles the icp interrupts. Its
structure depends on the message type and is defined in icp/pbsioc.h
